Hi again, this is the question to exercise 64. This is an interesting exercise.  This prints out
hello.
This is what this code prints out and this is the question.
So the following code prints hello and checks if two is greater than one and it breaks the loop because
two is actually greater than one.
So the loop breaks and print hi is not executed.
Therefore whenever you execute the script you get hello only.
Now the question is I'd like to ask you to replace the break statement with something else so that both
hello and hi are printed out repeatedly so you'd get
Hello. Hi.
Hello.
Hi.
And so on. But please don't change any other part of the code.
Just this line. Change this to something else.
Please find out with what.
I'll talk to you later.